bpo-43340: Document possible UnicodeDecodeErrors from json.load() (#25173)
python/cpython: Doc/library/json.rst

   kwarg; otherwise :class:`JSONDecoder` is used.  Additional keyword arguments
   will be passed to the constructor of the class.

>    If the data being deserialized is not correctly encoded, a

Reviewer: It should also be added for `loads()`.

`UnicodeDecodeError` can only be raised for binary files. `loads()` for text never raise `UnicodeDecodeError`, and in case of `load()` for text file, `UnicodeDecodeError` and `OSError` can only be raised by the `read()` of the text file. There are many details, and without explaining them we will always get complqains about incomplete documentation, but adding all details will make the documentation too overloaded. We usually do not specify all exceptions which can be raised. Is there a good comromize?

>    If the data being deserialized is not correctly encoded, a
>    :exc:`UnicodeDecodeError` will be raised, and if the decoded file is not a
>    valid JSON document, a :exc:`JSONDecodeError` will be raised.

Reviewer: Something like this?
```suggestion
   If the binary file does not contain UTF-8, UTF-16 or UTF-32 encoded data, a
   :exc:`UnicodeDecodeError` will be raised, and if the data is not a
   valid JSON document, a :exc:`JSONDecodeError` will be raised.
```
